Heh.
Okay, Miss He, did you hear that?
This guy actually took himself to the stall
I bought it for 500 yuan
Xidan mathematics
Still fading the hemagnetism here
I dislike other college presidents to buy something
So shameless
I think you're right.
It's okay if we're here
But why is this thing picked here?
Then I also brought a cheap one.
500 bucks bargain
Who said no?
Senior even if you buy counterfeit
But at least people are so interested, what about him?
The gift from Lord Hou is 500 yuan, hahaha.
No, I heard you right.
After all, it is also the Shoushan of the monkey master
You can put a gift of 500 yuan on the table.
Hahaha, Yang Ming, Yang Ming
You've been talking here for a long time
I thought you were amazing
Dean Qu took out 300,000 uncomfortable
How dare you move here for 500 yuan?
Where do you think this is?
What about your poor mountain valley, hahaha?
This is the lifespan of the monkey master
Mr. Monkey is in our East Garden, that's De
Your expectations are high.
Even if we miss, we have a lot of respect for him
The enemy you bought for 500 bucks
You are clearly humiliating him
Yang Chao, Mr. Liang
You really are a clown
I know how to jump all day
How do you know I paid 500 for something worth 500.
Yo
Yang Ming shouldn't say that he cut his hair, right?
Sure
Then you take your out-point pen
It is more valuable than whose acceptance
Compare who is more respected, okay?